‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Great work, Marinette!
‎Thanks to you,
‎Parisians can rest easy tonight!
‎I can't wait to do the same!
‎Good night, Master!
‎Marinette, you forgot to mention
‎the school field trip!
‎It's not like I'll be able to go anyway.
‎What field trip?
‎Oh! The whole class
‎is taking the train to London tomorrow
‎to see Big Ben.
‎But if Hawk Moth creates a villain
‎while I'm away,
‎Cat Noir won't be able
‎to capture the akuma on his own,
‎which means I have to stay.
‎Too bad.
‎Tough life of a superhero.
‎Besides, I'm too exhausted to go.
‎Wait. The Horse Miraculous
‎can be used to teleport back to Paris
‎in the event of an akuma situation.
‎That's so cool! Thank you, Master!
‎Ladybug definitely deserves a bit of fun,
‎just like all young people her age.
‎ ‎See you tonight!
‎Hawk Moth struck last night,
‎so there won't be another
‎akumatization today!
‎A day of vacation, finally!
‎Far from Paris and those annoying akumas!
‎Good idea, Adrien!
‎Huh? Trash must be thrown
‎inside the trash can,
‎or it's littering! He's getting a fine!
‎No, please don't, Dad!
‎You'll make me miss the train!
‎You know Chloé's relying on me!
‎But the law is the law, sweetie!
‎But you're not on duty yet, are you?
‎Right now, you don't have to be anything
‎but my dear, sweet daddy!
‎Hmm.
‎-You backed right into me!
‎-No, you backed into me!
‎A frustrated police officer
‎with a passion for justice
‎who has his hands tied.
‎The ideal prey.
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise him.
‎Another polluter?
‎That driver's getting a fine!
‎His vehicle does not meet city standards!
‎ ‎Daddy!
‎Hurry up, Sabrina!
‎Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina!
‎What's happening?
‎I can feel the anger receding!
‎Fly faster, my akuma, catch up with him!
‎You have no new emails.
‎Who wants a sneak peek
‎of the Startrain's operator cab?
‎Thanks! This'll make an awesome exclusive
‎for my astronomy blog!
‎You've started another blog?
‎I can't help it! Life is so interesting!
‎Hey! Isn't that Adrien?
‎ ‎Affirmative, Marinette.
‎That is indeed Adrien Agreste!
‎There was less than a 0.23% chance
‎his father would allow him to come!
‎Alya, this trip is gonna be amazing!
‎Adrien? What are you doing here?
‎I'm tired of my father keeping me
‎from going on field trips!
‎You're disobeying him, dude?
‎Technically not,
‎because I didn't tell him about this one!
‎That's sneaky smart, my dude.
‎ ‎The operator must hold this
‎throughout the journey
‎between Paris and London.
‎It's called "the dead man's switch."
‎And if you take your hand off?
‎-The train would stop!
‎-Even for just a second?
‎It's a safety switch,
‎in case the operator feels faint.
‎That's why I always love travelling
‎by train.
‎Trains get from A to B
‎within a given time,
‎they're programmed and safe.
‎Programming is the best!
‎Have you always wanted to do this?
‎I always wanted to be a driver, yes.
‎But my true dream is to be an astronaut!
‎To drive a rocket across the universe!
‎I decided to operate trains
‎so I'd be here while Max was growing up.
‎A space mission lasts several months.
‎I could never be away
‎from my Maxypoo that long!
‎But now my son's a young man!
‎Mom is going to start astronaut training.
‎That's amazing!
‎I'm expecting the results today.
‎You have no new emails.
‎It's too early, Mom!
‎The official documents said 11:00 AM!
‎You'll get them during the train ride.
‎If I pass the test,
‎this trip will be my last.
‎Next time I drive,
‎I'll be manning the controls
‎of a space shuttle,
‎taking the next space crew to the Moon!
‎You have an 89.7% chance of passing!
‎That still leaves
‎a 10.3% chance of failing.
‎I believe in you. You're the best!
‎You're only going for the day.
‎Why do you need a huge suitcase?
‎I have to be prepared
‎for anything Chloé needs!
‎In case of a hair crisis,
‎in case she wants
‎a cup of her favorite tea...
‎I'm proud of you, sweetie.
‎"To protect and serve",
‎that's our Raincomprix family motto!
‎Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina!
‎Chloé's waiting for me!
‎See you tonight, Daddy!
‎All right, that's it!
‎You're getting a fine!
‎Argh! I can't feel
‎any negative emotions any more.
‎What's gone wrong? Where's my akuma?
‎Final boarding for train number 8065.
‎Platform number 23.
‎Ah! Finally you're here!
‎You'll probably be hot in those clothes.
‎May I remind you, Miss Bustier,
‎that it's always cold in London!
‎Don't worry. I've brought
‎an English weather survival kit!
‎But where are you two going?
‎Our car is this way!
‎It's all right.
‎The mayor arranged for his daughter
‎to be in First Class!
‎I'm just taking her suitcase there.
‎I'll be right back!
‎-You're still here?
‎-Oh! Sorry, Chloé!
‎ ‎Come back now!
‎Do you need anything?
‎I want my seat completely reclined.
‎Yes, of course, Chloé!
‎-Mask!
‎-Ooh!
‎It's Big Ben.
‎-That was so embarrassing!
‎-You're too funny, girl!
‎But why are you so tired?
‎What were you doing all night?
‎I... oh... I tried to come up with a plan
‎to find a way to tell Adrien that...
‎Well, you know.
‎You know what your problem is?
‎You make too many plans.
‎Be yourself and go with the flow.
‎Hello! Would you like a beverage?
‎-Cranberry juice, please. Want anything?
‎-Apple juice!
‎Would you like a beverage?
‎ ‎Hello! What's your name?
‎Hello?
‎It's not programmed to chat, Markov!
‎It's just a service drone!
‎What a shame!
‎You have no new emails.
‎Would you mind swapping seats, Adrien?
‎I wanna chat with Nino!
‎Sure.
‎‎Lesson three.
‎-Hey!
‎-Huh?
‎Rose!
‎Awesome!
‎Hmm.
‎Need something, Lila?
‎Uh... actually, I get motion sickness,
‎and Marinette
‎always has a solution to everything.
‎I get it. But she's asleep right now,
‎as you can see, and she's exhausted, so...
‎I can help you!
‎I have just what you need in my suitcase!
‎Thanks a million, Sabrina,
‎you're so sweet!
‎You have no new emails.
‎Ugh! Something's not right!
‎Ladies and gentlemen...
‎the Startrain will be under the sea
‎in just a few moments.
‎Awesome!
‎Well, how about that?
‎You happy now? You woke me up!
‎Oh, I'm so sorry, Chloé!
‎Well, now I'm awake,
‎I might as well have some tea!
‎Of course, Chloé!
‎I'll take care of that right away!
‎-Calm down everyone!
‎I'm sure you all recognize me, of course.
‎I'm Chloé Bourgeois!
‎And, as you well know,
‎I'm also... Queen Bee!
‎Whatever you do, don't panic!
‎But there's an akuma!
‎Everyone, get out of this car, right now!
‎I've lost contact.
‎My akuma's too far away.
‎You sure it's really an akuma?
‎It looks more like a harmless butterfly!
‎Chlo... I mean, Queen Bee
‎knows what she's talking about, trust me!
‎What are you doing
‎in your swimming trunks?
‎Well, we're about to go under the sea!
‎Ugh! You are ridiculous, Kim!
‎Utterly ridiculous!
‎-I'm scared!
‎-Don't worry, Nicole!
‎If it were a real akuma,
‎there'd already be a supervillain
‎on the train!
‎Daddy, do you think Ladybug will come?
‎ ‎Of course not!
‎I'm sure there isn't an akuma on board!
‎It's probably a prank.
‎Your daddy doesn't have a clue.
‎It really is an akuma!
‎It's definitely an akuma!
‎I should know.
‎I was once akumatized myself!
‎There's zero risk to anyone now anyway,
‎since the amazing Queen Bee
‎has shut the car doors,
‎taking the akuma prisoner!
‎Nothing there!
‎Probably just Chloé
‎needing some attention again.
‎Come on, let's head back to our seats!
‎You have no new emails.
‎That's impossible. I can't have failed.
‎I'll never be an astronaut.
‎Who cares about the results
‎of that stupid exam?
‎I can become an astronaut,
‎right here and now.
‎Ladies and gentlemen, I am Startrain.
‎You all get to live my dream with me.
‎Shoot off the rails
‎and fly off in a rocket
‎to explore not just the Moon,
‎but the entire universe!
‎- Mom?
‎-Fasten your seatbelts, we have liftoff!
‎See? I was right to change
‎into my swimming trunks!
‎This... is... spacy!
‎I don't think Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎can save us!
‎Uh, maybe we can persuade
‎your mom to turn back, Max?
‎Sir, you should take a look at this.
‎An observation satellite took
‎these amazing photos earlier.
‎So, that's why I lost touch with my akuma.
‎It's too far out of range.
‎There's another problem.
‎Adrien's class is on the train,
‎and your son is on the passenger list!
‎He's up in space,
‎and there's nothing I can do.
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir will rescue him.
‎Hoping that my enemies will save my son...
‎How ironic!
‎-Mom!
‎- ‎Max!
‎You see this? I'm Startrain!
‎You must take us back to Earth!
‎-You can go into space later!
‎- ‎W‎hy?
‎Now I have a 100% chance
‎of travelling the universe!
‎And I get to take you with me, too!
‎Isn't this fantastic?
‎We must get to the cabin
‎to take control of the train,
‎and drive it back home.
‎And, how do you plan
‎to take down the villain?
‎No one here has any superpowers!
‎No, but you do have a superheroine
‎with you!
‎We have two things in our favor,
‎the element of surprise
‎and the fact there are a lot of us!
‎Good point!
‎Where do you think you're going?
‎Don't you want to sit back and relax?
‎I don't want anyone to get hurt.
‎So, stay in your seats and enjoy the view!
‎No peace for Ladybug, obviously!
‎Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
‎Ladybug? But... how did you get here?
‎Teleportation,
‎courtesy of the Horse Miraculous. And you?
‎I was on the train! Lucky, huh?
‎Just like they say about black cats!
‎No one must know you were a passenger!
‎They are hundreds of people on the train!
‎-I'm just a cat in a haystack!
‎-I guess you're right.
‎Let's go and stop Startrain!
‎Why not use the Horse Miraculous
‎to teleport us back to Earth?
‎That would be pointless.
‎She could make the train take off again.
‎We must capture the akuma first.
‎But if we do it
‎while the train's in space,
‎we'll have no air to breathe!
‎Which is why we must reach Startrain,
‎then capture the akuma
‎and teleport back to Earth
‎at the same time.
‎ ‎Ladybug? Cat Noir?
‎Have you been aboard the whole time?
‎Of course not!
‎We teleported here using a Miraculous!
‎We're handling this.
‎Gather everyone at the back of the train.
‎Of course! Everyone,
‎please follow me to the back of the train!
‎I hope you remembered to bring
‎my‎ Miraculous!
‎Uh... actually...
‎We didn't know you were going to be here,
‎otherwise, we would've, for sure!
‎Reinforced Plexiglas!
‎Unbreakable. Except for my...
‎-Cata--
‎-No, wait! We might need it when
‎we're face-to-face with Startrain.
‎ ‎Max!
‎Looks like we have some intruders.
‎‎ You'd better
‎give up if you don't want to fly
‎too close to the sun!
‎-Got it!
‎-Well done!
‎Max, Markov, we need you with us
‎to open the next door!
‎-But isn't it too dangerous?
‎-We'll protect you!
‎-What's happening?
‎-Gotta be ready for anything.
‎Lucky charm!
‎I can't find any...
‎Max, my circuits are overheating!
‎What are we gonna do?
‎Markov's having a meltdown!
‎You must finish the job,
‎or we'll all toast inside this car!
‎She wasn't kidding!
‎It feels like we're really close
‎to the sun!
‎Whoo! We almost got cooked in there!
‎I think we could classify this
‎as a Code Red situation!
‎Good job! You make an awesome pair too,
‎like me and milady!
‎Markov, check the oxygen level
‎in the next car!
‎-It's decreasing quickly!
‎-Startrain is creating a void!
‎The temperature inside
‎will soon be close to absolute zero!
‎Max won't be able to hold on
‎in these conditions without superpowers!
‎Max Kanté,
‎here's the Miraculous of the Horse,
‎which grants the power of teleportation.
‎You will use it for the greater good.
‎Once the job is done,
‎you will return the Miraculous to me.
‎Can I trust you?
‎You can count on me 100%, Ladybug.
‎I'll do everything I can
‎to save my friends
‎and my mom!
‎Oh, to whom do I have
‎the pleasure of speaking?
‎-Uh... hello, my name's Max!
‎-Are you glorious and famous?
‎Kalkki, we don't have time for that.
‎Max is perfect for the job, trust me!
‎We're going to the last car,
‎to the driver's cab.
‎-That's where Startrain is.
‎-We have to be in sync!
‎While I handle Startrain
‎and Cat Noir uses his Cataclysm,
‎we need you, Max,
‎to teleport the train back to Earth
‎so I can summon up my Miraculous Ladybug,
‎-so everything gets fixed!
‎-Got it!
‎All you need to say is,
‎"Kalkki, full gallop!"
‎Kalkki, full gallop!
‎ ‎I was expecting you,
‎my dear super-passengers!
‎You can't stop me from
‎living out my galactic dream!
‎I shall conquer the universe!
‎My little drones...
‎Attack!
‎I'm getting cold!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Pegasus!
‎Voyage!
‎I'm sorry. Looks like I got
‎the spatial coordinates wrong!
‎I heard your class was supposed
‎to be visiting Big Ben.
‎ ‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎ ‎Pound it!
‎Thank you, Max.
‎Children, please, all aboard!
‎Back to London!
‎You have one new email.
‎-Huh?
‎- ‎Hey, Mom!
‎I passed!
‎I told you, Mom! You're the best!
‎That's 100% certain!
‎I'm getting the feeling
‎that was your first and last field trip.
‎That's OK. At least I got to see Big Ben.
‎Sure did!
‎No one's seen it as close up as we did!
‎Too bad we got separated at the end!
‎We'll go together some day! See ya.
‎Oh, no! Poor Adrien!
‎This trip was a total disaster!
‎A total disaster, really?